MIGRATION.md, before:

﻿# Migration guides

## 3.2.x to 3.5.3

- `foregroundService` is no longer available in `RadarTrackingOptions`. This has been replaced by `Radar.SetForegroundServiceOptions` instead.
- `RadarSingleton` must now be initialized before use. Call `RadarSingleton.Initialize(new RadarSDKImpl())` before using it.

```c#
// 3.5.3

// using statements
using RadarIO.Xamarin; // contains cross-platform sdk library as well as platform-specific RadarSDKImpl
using static RadarIO.Xamarin.RadarSingleton; // to use static Radar instance

// initialize
RadarSingleton.Initialize(new RadarSDKImpl()); // RadarSDKImpl can only be constructed from an Android or iOS project, not a NetStandard project

// enable or disable the foreground service
RadarTrackingOptions trackingOptions = RadarTrackingOptions(...);
trackingOptions.ForegroundServiceEnabled = true;
// set the foreground service options
RadarTrackingOptionsForegroundService foregroundOptions = RadarTrackingOptionsForegroundService(...);
Radar.SetForegroundServiceOptions(foregroundOptions);
// start tracking
Radar.StartTracking(trackingOptions);
```

```c#
// 3.2.x

// initialize
RadarSingleton.Initialize();

// enabling foreground service
RadarTrackingOptions trackingOptions = RadarTrackingOptions(...);
trackingOptions.ForegroundService = RadarTrackingOptionsForegroundService(...);
Radar.StartTracking(trackingOptions);
```

Commit message:

added maui support (#18)
* updated bindings

* updated iOS binding

* updated crossplatform lib

* updated autogenerated comments

* updated nuget packages

* updated auto-gen code

* updated nuspec

* updated android location package

* updated nuspec

* added maui bindings

* added maui lib

* added maui sample

* fixed radar events

* reorg

* reorg

* resolving nuget issues

* testing gtihub actions

* fixing github actions

* fixing github actions

* fixing github actions

* fixing github actions

* fixing github actions

* added buttons to maui sample

* added background mode permissions

* added version num input to publish action

* added geofence id and tag fields

* Revert "added version num input to publish action"

This reverts commit 580b8af84d8d78d3dedeb38a877151340f15bfcf.

* updated version

* added nuget build config to maui sample

* removed my ios codesign key

* updated version and migration guide

* rm beta.1 from samples

---------

Co-authored-by: Tim Julien <tim@radar.io>

MIGRATION.md, after:

﻿# Migration guides

## Upgrading to 3.7.8

- The `RadarIO.Xamarin` namespace has been replaced with `RadarIO`.
- The use of the `Xamarin.Essentials.Location` class has been replaced with `RadarIO.RadarLocation`.

## Upgrading to 3.5.3

- `foregroundService` is no longer available in `RadarTrackingOptions`. This has been replaced by `Radar.SetForegroundServiceOptions` instead.
- `RadarSingleton` must now be initialized before use. Call `RadarSingleton.Initialize(new RadarSDKImpl())` before using it.

```c#
// 3.5.3

// using statements
using RadarIO.Xamarin; // contains cross-platform sdk library as well as platform-specific RadarSDKImpl
using static RadarIO.Xamarin.RadarSingleton; // to use static Radar instance

// initialize
RadarSingleton.Initialize(new RadarSDKImpl()); // RadarSDKImpl can only be constructed from an Android or iOS project, not a NetStandard project

// enable or disable the foreground service
RadarTrackingOptions trackingOptions = RadarTrackingOptions(...);
trackingOptions.ForegroundServiceEnabled = true;
// set the foreground service options
RadarTrackingOptionsForegroundService foregroundOptions = RadarTrackingOptionsForegroundService(...);
Radar.SetForegroundServiceOptions(foregroundOptions);
// start tracking
Radar.StartTracking(trackingOptions);
```

```c#
// 3.2.x

// initialize
RadarSingleton.Initialize();

// enabling foreground service
RadarTrackingOptions trackingOptions = RadarTrackingOptions(...);
trackingOptions.ForegroundService = RadarTrackingOptionsForegroundService(...);
Radar.StartTracking(trackingOptions);
```
